Miss Lin Qianyu
And a twin sister
How come we never know?
Yeah stinky woman
This dead knife still dares to quibble in winter
I see you even
The whimsical idea of a twin sister
Can say it
But it's professional laundry tablets.
I think you are using the art of entrepreneurship in the rivers and lakes
Hmph, you actually connected me?
Since you are my sister's natural maid
That's my maid
Who gave you the courage to treat your master like this?
You suck you
Don't think you can fool around with this little trick
Since you said you are Lin Qianyu's brother-in-law
The three elders here have been in the Lin Mansion for so many years
How come I've never heard of it?
That is.
Lin Qianyu, as the eldest lady of the Li family
She has always been the only daughter of Master Li
We three elders grew up watching
How is that possible?
Suddenly a twin sister appeared
This is ridiculous.
When the eldest lady was born
The three of us came to the house to congratulate
The midwife only carried one girl in the house
Could it be that you jumped out of a crack in the stone?
Ahahaha
I see this counterfeit cheating
I lied to myself.
The secrets of our government
You people with foreign surnames deserve to know